c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\SoundBoard.g.resources
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\SoundBoard.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\SoundBoard.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\SoundBoard.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\SoundBoard.pdb
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\SoundBoard_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\SoundBoard.dll
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\SoundBoard.pdb
c:\users\jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Toolkit.Audio.dll
C:\Users\Jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Toolkit.Controls.dll
C:\Users\Jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Toolkit.Net.dll
C:\Users\Jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Toolkit.Storage.dll
C:\Users\Jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\SoundBoard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\obj\Debug\RecordAudio.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jose\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SoundBoard\SoundBoard\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
